>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This
is a bit mind-bending.
And I do not want to rush this at all.
Because I think our success
as Angular 2 developers,
is really contingent on us having a firm
grasp of this concept, right here.
And so, first and foremost,
I want to open up the floor.
I mean, I would imagine everyone
sitting here with questions.
Even, conceptually, you may grasp it, but
I'd like to get your take on it.
>> Speaker 2: I can't see them, but
I'm sure there are thousands of
question marks happening in Chat World.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what do you guys
think about this?
Is it cool?
Does it make sense?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
let's just back this up just a bit,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Cuz the secret,
I believe, is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let
me figure out where my slides went.
Just wanna really go back and
ask you revisit,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think
my keynotes just totally calmed down.
There it is.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
go back to this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we have a pretty good grasp on how to
capture events with event binding.
So up to this point,
any DOM event we were able to capture
primarily click is and
kind of our favorite one.
And then when we want to pass data
from the class to the template,
we use property binding.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well,
taking these, or
this concept we can extend
it to communicate with child components.
And so really when I think of inputs and
outputs, I just think of custom
property and event binding.
That is at the core what you're doing.
Is you're simply saying at the child
component with an input I am creating
a property that is going to get it's
value from the parent component.
When I create an output,
I am creating an event
that's going to be handled
by the parent component.
And so think of this as really,
your parent component or
lord overseer component.
Simply saying, this is what you're gonna
display, and if anything happens, come and
tell me and I'll handle it.
Which, really on the surface,
essentially frees up
your child component from
really any responsibility.
How convenient it would be if
everything I needed to survive
was just provided for me.
And any conflict in my life or
anything that happened to me,
I'm just like, hey this thing happened,
go deal with it.
And that's why you have these really small
presentational components because
they get everything they need and
if anything happens, they just tell their
dad or their mom or their parents, okay?
So, in theory, I think we can kind
of wrap our minds around that.
I think that what we should do.
How much time do we have?
What do we have for lunch, Mark?
>> Mark: Mediterranean.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Mediterranean.
>> Mark: Euros, I think.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Euros,
I'm trying to see if I have enough time to
do a quick demonstration, before I turn
everybody loose for lunch and a challenge.
>> Mark: That's fine with me.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay,
let's just do an easy one.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Granted, this is a bit
of a heavy concept, I think, mentally,
we're wrapping our minds around it.
Now we just have to do
it a thousand times.
But even to that, every time I have
an opportunity, it's like, well,
I can use the practice.
Yes, Tamara.
>> Tamara: David has a question about how
did your click on an item
as opposed to hover or
any other event get tied to select it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
>> Tamara: I think you've covered it, but-
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I have, but
let me just go back and, let's revisit it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What is going on here?
It was weird.
Okay, pair component.
So I'm in the items.component.html.
And we have a selected event.
How is that hitting fired?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If we go to our
items-list.components, so this is the
template for the child component, we have
a click right here on the ngrepeat.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
so let's actually do something here.
Well, first and foremost,
what I can do, so this is click and
then that's what I'm using the DOM
event to actually trigger my output.
Let's think of another I think I can do.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
just pick another DOM event,
so mouse center.
So now we have a DOM event with a child
component, hey, this thing happened,
let's tell our parents.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go back
here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
now as I just mouse over,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
capturing the mouse center events and
I'm using that to trigger my output.
Make sense?
So it's just whatever your output is,
which is an instance of a you just
call output.omit and then you pass
in whatever information you want.